Java: Opt-in `java/tainted-permissions-check` to threat models. (#16772)
github/codeql: java/ql/src/change-notes/2024-06-17-tainted-permissions-check.md

---
category: minorAnalysis
---

> * Enable threat models for the query `java/tainted-permissions-check`. This means that `local` sources are no longer included by default for this query, but can be added by enabling the `local` threat model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The query `java/tainted-permissions-check` now uses threat models. This means that `local` sources are no longer included by default for this query, but can be added by enabling the `local` threat model.
```
